Create a new parameter for scenario description (#722)
rl-institut/multi-vector-simulator: CHANGELOG.md

### Added
- Verification of the SoC values after simulation for any physically infeasible values with `E4.verify_state_of_charge` and added tests for this function (#739)
- Add the new parameter `scenario_description` to input files and docs and a section in autoreport describing the scenario being simulated (#722)

### Changed

> - Fix xlrd to xlrd==1.2.0 in requirements/default.txt (#716)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Freeze version of `xlrd` to `xlrd==1.2.0` in requirements/default.txt, because `xlrd` has explicitly removed support for anything other than xls files in older versions (#716)
```
